{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I am preparing lectures , content and instruction speech for Advance Python course, intended to explain learner understand how python is very crucial in almost every industrial application and what is so unique about it. I have also prepared some some lesson plan which i feel is going fine (check "Lesson Plan" folder, there is a "Python Plan.xlsx" file is there) and i have referred few goods books (check "Reference Books" folder) in preparing this, you can also refer those. Now my intention is to create speech content along with sample code that should be delivered in lecture and also a good coding exercise/ example if possible for concepts taught in class. It is not mandatory that every lecture should be followed by coding exercise or test but the course should have reasonable coding exercises and lectures. I have some demo outputs also which shows in what format i want outputs "Check Folder "Interactive Delivery". Basically output should have nice smooth delivery speech or lecture speech and points on video/ slides and if instructions is explaining some demo code then it should also contain code parts. Further it should also have synchronisation file which suggests which speech part is explaining what, like instructor is speaking and explaining and writing code and explaining. If needed , code is also coming in synchronisation if the concept demands. I have given some sample output file which suggests synchronisation "check speech_source.md files in demo output folder". The concepts are introduced regarding python speciality in industrial use case, real world industry use of python and also it should explain syntax structure as well (at the end homework coding exercise - preferably very much real world use case oriented). Earlier i had prepared prompts to create those files (You can find prompts in "Agents Prompts" folder (However i feel that the outputs could be improved. What I find is delivery is monotonous and not very engaging. Also I find that concepts are introduced in just straightforward manner. There is no background to it, why such a concept is needed, why someone has thought to integrate that functionality in python, how using this concepts in industrial real life scenarios make coding project better, what are the downside of not considering these python functionalities in real world system design, etc etc. These motivation to concepts part is very important ). The rules are elaborately discussed there. You also need to follow same rules and prepare the output in same structure for all the concepts discussed in the lesson plan. You can find reference books at "Reference Books" folder, there are other files too which are bit too unorganised and you can use all of them as reference, but i want some good lecture content for the points mentioned in the lesson plan ("Lesson Plan" folder). Rules and agents explain more details that which kind of output i want. Please prepare content for all the lectures for the points mentioned in the lesson plan in the same way as it is mentioned in demo output. Only one thing i want you to clarify that each row in lesson plan excel need not be full lecture. If lecture is too long , the point concepts can also be divided into multiple lectures. Finally i want lectures that are at most around 8 mins. Now, I want the outputs lecture delivery content as per my requirement and also the explanation should be elaborate, comprehensive and full (Don\'92t worry about total hours in course). Using last part of projects you can also include big project , consolidating all ideas of course. Please give me improved outputs for lectures as per the rules i mentioned above and also specified in "Agents Prompts" folder (Put your outputs in separate folder). Please make sure final output format remains same as in the demo output. (Reference Folder root: /Users/devalpatel/Documents/Advanced-Python-Coding-Exercises-List/).   Also make sure that lectures that you prepare, concepts should be built step by step in gradual progression - You should not jump around future concepts actually. You can gather all other materials also that you can to prepare good course, just try to make sure the course is addressing my requirement in a good way.  Also I want you to refer pdfs in "Reference Books" thoroughly as those are also very important.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All of the files from lecture 1-23 are already completed by Past Agent  in \'93Improved Lectures\'94 folder, so partial work is done. I have asked earlier agent to log its state periodically, so you can refer that. You should also do the same. \
\
I am making small modifications in instructions that you can use the following symbols in speech files to make speech more expressive if needed.\
\
\'93Comma (,) \uc0\u8594  short pause, like a breath.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Period (.) \uc0\u8594  end of sentence pause.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Semicolon (;) \uc0\u8594  medium pause, slightly longer than a comma, but shorter than a period.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Colon (:) \uc0\u8594  slight pause before an explanation, list, or example.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Dash (\'96 or \'97) \uc0\u8594  brief pause or emphasis between ideas.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Exclamation mark (!) \uc0\u8594  slightly expressive tone, excitement.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\'a0 \'95 Question mark (?) \uc0\u8594  rising intonation, inquisitive tone.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'93\
\
Please do not include any other additional symbols.  (Don\'92t modify already prepared files with the expression symbols, just consider them in future files generations.\
\
Please complete remaining files in those folders and prepare all other lectures completely.  Please go in sequential manner in preparation of lectures. }